How do you reward your team for outstanding performance? One. Import that
off as thinking. You know what? The chief Let the senior chief Petty
officer leave the Oscar make recommendations on who's performed,
who deserves so did to our liberty chip. Then get them out, go up
to the apartment and say, Hey, I want to give the master Chief Day off.
Next on what? The master chief have 72 hours regard for the weekend.
That's one of you. Yes, you can write up awards for your division.
They're good. They are. We should be conservative in handing out
the awards because you don't want to be seen as someone that's always
riding up in a war that just giving him out like they're lollipops.
Then then the value of the ward is not going to help. It's gonna
have a notorious facts because everyone was Scott one. Everyone's got
one. What's the bodies? So awards and liberty time outstanding. That's
that's the one thing that you could do for your team.